FEATURE: make outputResults parameter configurable (#65)
Flowpack/jobqueue-common: README.md

| className               | string  |       - | FQN of the class implementing the queue                                                                                         |
| maximumNumberOfReleases | integer |       3 | Max. number of times a message is re-<br>released to the queue if a job failed                                                  |
| executeIsolated         | boolean |   FALSE | If TRUE jobs for this queue are executed in a separate Thread. This makes sense in order to avoid memory leaks and side-effects |

> | outputResults           | boolean |   FALSE | If set to true, forwards the full output (stdout + stderr) of the respective job to the stdout of its "parent"                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| outputResults           | boolean |   FALSE | If TRUE, the full output (stdout + stderr) of the respective job is forwarded to the stdout of its "parent" (only applicable if `executeIsolated` is `true`)  |
```

Author: good point, thanks!
